>> Brian Holt: Let's go to landing now.
Yep, we're gonna go landing.
>> Brian Holt: What we're gonna
do here is we're going to
import a function called
connect from react-redux
>> Brian Holt: Now what we're gonna do is
we're going to write this function called
mapStateToProps, mapStateToProps.
It's gonna take in state.
And it's going to return an object.
Now something that people get kind
of confused with here is if you have
a one minor object that you wanna
return like, let's say it was just
searchTerm: state.searchTerm
>> Brian Holt: This
is technically not valid JavaScript
despite the fact that it really,
really looks like it should
be valid JavaScript.
Well, what do curly braces
mean in this particular case?
It means the beginning of a function body,
right?
It doesn't mean an object.
So it's expecting me to put stuff
in here like console out log,
whatever, or I don't know,
stuff like that.
Really common mistake to make
with es6 error functions, and
it's just because curly braces
mean more than one thing, right?
And then in this particular
case they mean function bodies.
So, if we wrap this in parentheses, with
the letter I, just kiddin, that's a joke.
[LAUGH] [COUGH] If you wrap it with
parentheses, then you're letting it know,
no, I actually mean to return
an object literal here, right?
>> Brian Holt: Does that make sense
why I put parentheses around it and
why they're there?
What this function does is it takes the
whole state of redux, right, that's what
this state is, and it pulls out just
the thing that this component cares about.
You don´t wanna be passing around
the state of redux willy nilly,
that´s a bad idea, promise.
This is gonna pull out just
the things that you need, and
it´s going to inject them as
a prop into your component.
The way that it does that connecting
is with, as you may have guessed,
the connect function.
So I wanna say connect
(mapStateToProps)(Landing) like that.
>> Brian Holt: It's kind
of a weird notation but
I will show you why it's in
that notation in just a second.
But basically you call
connect with mapStateToProps,
which returns a function, right?
Just this bit right here is a function,
that when called the something else
is going to connect that component.
So we could potentially re-use
it multiple times, you won't,
[LAUGH] but you could, right?
So, that's why there's
two function calls here.
The first bit is going to be, what
you're gonna use to pull out state and
the second bit is that
gonna be the component.
That make sense?
>> Brian Holt: So let me show you
why that is actually the way it is.
>> Brian Holt: How many of
you have heard of decorators?
>> Brian Holt: Super cool,
they're one of my things I'm most
excited about upcoming in JavaScript.
If you write a lot of Python inevitably
you end up writing a lot of decorators,
right?
There´s a lot of other
languages that have these
really cool language
features called decorators.
So what we could do here
if we could use decorators,
which we can´t, but what you would
do is it would look like this.
>> Brian Holt: You would
say up here above Landing,
we'd have to convert this to a class,
so pretend just for
a second that I had
converted this to a class,
I would say class Landing
extends React.Components or
Component, whatever,
I don't care, Component, and
there is a bunch of useful stuff in here,
right?
Okay, can we all pretend momentarily,
cuz I don't wanna have to
rewrite it just to go back?
So if this was an es6 class, we could put
@connect (mapStateToProps) like that,
and then suddenly, rather then doing this
kind of awkward looking thing down here,
this landing would just
automatically be connected to it.
So basically,
this is going to get passed in, which is
going to return a function which is going
to run on the result of the landing class.
This is called a decorator, right?
This is gonna be stage two or
stage three proposal for JavaScript.
So it's most likely gonna make it cuz
everyone is pretty excited about it,
me included.
I'm really excited for
the day I can use this.
You can actually do this
right now with the transform,
the issue is that Flow doesn´t
understand decorators yet.
So we´re not gonna do it today, but
you´ll see lots of people out
there using decorators this way.
So I wanted to make you aware
that you may see it and
it´s also something to be excited about,
in my opinion, but for
today we're just gonna stick with
the normal way of calling connect.
So that's why I wanted to say that
connect has this weird way of looking,
right, where it looks like this,
connect (mapStateToProps ).
>> Brian Holt: Because they did it like
this, that's how a decorator works anyway.
So they didn't have to make two functions,
right?
They didn't have to make a connect
decorator and a connect function,
they were able to just
reuse both of those.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
This is kind of an aside, but
it's something I'm excited about so
I wanted to share.
>> Speaker 2: Just whatever
function follows, or
whatever constructor class follows?
>> Brian Holt: So the @connect is going
to return a function that's going to be
called on the class.
>> Speaker 2: Whatever is next, cuz you
didn't explicitly say like [CROSSTALK]
>> Brian Holt: Right, you don't
explicitly, it's called
on your behalf right,
the connect function is going
to be called by the language.
Right, I had @connect
mapStateToProps right, but
they're gonna be decorators like @auth,
right?
That's just gonna look like that, and
it doesn't necessarily have to return a
function, well wait, let me rephrase that.
It doesn't have to be a function that
you call that returns a function, right?
It could just be a function.
>> Speaker 2: So is that [COUGH]
almost like constructors and
destructors in C++ or something like that,
where you've got a class object and
there's something that's called either
during instantiation or when it exits?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so yeah,
I kinda see what you're saying.
>> Brian Holt: I´m gonna say no comment
on it, cuz I don´t actually know enough
exactly what connection
you´re gonna make with that.
But I will say that, it´s just providing
additional functionality in
a declarative fashion, right.
So if I had something like this where it
was calling @auth, it would basically mean
something like you can't construct
this unless it's authorized, right?
So you're just kind of declaring
like this must be auth, right?
And then you can just kinda go about
your way of doing that, right?
[COUGH] And this is gonna work both on
whole classes like I showed you here and
also on individual methods.
So that's probably where you can
have a route on your router and
then you just say @auth and
it's like the user can't call this method,
unless they're authorized, right?
So it's kind of declaring in that
particular sense, does that make sense?
Cool.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
that's enough about decorators.
They're super exciting but
not yet, they're not yet exciting.